* cough * recycled crashed among the contributors everything 17
how you are and we have good ones
with which a cleaning crew ties that means
AP you have no w-lan router but only a lan cable infect
and no Wi-Fi
and I want to be clear Magna despite the iPod or iPhone in
Internet on the iPhone is indeed about the contract and the iPad
Of course not and how he does that I'll show you now
First you download the program CCP Roxy Hink in the BI
typical attitude and then tipped up here
is optical
so that they are a window and activate all but the NT service theirs
death
Oh, then it could close program
very important not to minimize x on it
next she goes here
by
then up here
on systems control
after that
GTI conspicuous looking for you above
conversely connections
and gets right click on the wireless network connection and there
both managed
and kickers up here on wireless networks
and I've got my set up but of course I'm looking forward to 1 again
So he goes to add
This is a name for me
iPod
and Bavaria
click here then it was time and the percent
not really her
can insert network conclusions
that's just it
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0
one two Three
and it can just say again 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 percent only
one to two quarrel
and then very important mission and this is a computer to computer
Networks you have to activate Developer Fouquet
then tipped on rookie here
So double click if wireless networks
examined
it varies Teichert
and that asked me for the password and then I just have to do that
password
two three four five
they look at 1 2 3 and again
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 o'clock one two three
connecting
he connects here
in the time it went to the iPod
and plan
go into the settings
we find WiFi up here
and that we activate if it should be disabled
and then percent I find here now only the fixed w-lan extremely
that's what I imagined him
then you can stop here on the PC too, not even now
so dozens of ministers
and I have to pull now however on the PC with the wireless network
connect
converted 7 here met percent network address
to 7
So that's just the case again
and
Here I have to enter Manchester
there
DAPD
Neuenkirchen
pte
DAPD
coquettishly good
associations
so currently offer
had found iPod or the Crystal Park
okay i am here now
worldwide the 17
and I was here on the iPod to celebrate this belief
the Cultural Office and you below
you had to pull your head
of course also manually
and Aachen I see on the PC rounding out the Baltic "those down there
do so
here below
twice bought at Trattnig evening
and then up here because
and because unresolved then share the address
and with me still in the network Attac are above percent refer
more Alpia address
I would have on and then there is Policy down here but that was just now
here these
and then he enters the head 808 so 8 0 8
and that's it
then the upper hand
Have signs
and then that should also work for me
I do not know if it works
because he just got the networker causa
but that's how it works
we are connected
Mainz Kad
No Klose
so
Made connection and then support the pirouette network and
behold the alpine
Chairman Kurt Cobain here again
here again on the blue arrow
the down
server
make hotheads again
nibble
there
Soups said Maier
Result the Ipro Dresden one
it says
and 2
last to do
check again
and it's all right
then it should be here again
but that should work
So I am still connected
I'll just come
works on Twitter
but that can say now because it's just about so that takes a while
the left ones did not work
It works normally
and then we'll have a look
it worked
so I have internet
i can watch all things we came
and I can actually really against the settings and then
I only have him this Space Hohmann do not dive in the password
I only have it my own
again nothing
I think I could not have had four more hits and that
in the happy new year
we separate